The enchantress comes down from the tower with Rapunzel's help.
The king walks from the castle to the forest. He makes his way through the crowds of people, some of whom bow and others who just stare. He nods to a few as he passes, but does not stop to talk. As he approaches the forest, he can see the trees beckoning him, and he quickens his pace. Soon he is enveloped by the cool, shady forest, and he lets out a deep breath.
The king strolled out of the forest and approached the house.The enchantress steps out of her tower and into the forest.
The enchantress walks out of the forest and up to the house. She looks around for a moment, taking in her surroundings, before making her way to the front door.
Rapunzel's father strolled from the house towards the forest.
Rapunzel's mother has a beautiful singing voice that soothes and delights everyone who hears it.
The king gave the ladder to Rapunzels mother so that she could climb up and visit her daughter in the tower.
Rapunzel's mother went for a walk in the forest.The king strolled from the house toward the garden.
The enchantress strolled from the house towards the garden, her feet sinking into the soft, dewy grass with each step. She breathed in the fresh morning air, and smiled as she saw the sun just beginning to peek over the horizon.
Rapunzel's father went from the forest to the tower.Rapunzels mother makes her way from the forest to the tower. She takes each step slowly and deliberately, ensuring that she does not make a sound as she goes. Every inch of her journey is fraught with danger, and she knows that one wrong move could mean her death. But she persists, because she knows that her daughter needs her.Rapunzel sings a beautiful song for everyone to enjoy.
Rapunzel's mother gives the ladder to Rapunzel.
Rapunzel uses the ladder to climb down from her tower.
Rapunzel hands the ladder to her mother, allowing her to climb up and visit her in the tower.
Rapunzel walks from the tower to the forest. She is walking briskly, taking long strides. Her hair is flowing behind her in the breeze.