
After years of waiting, Rapunzel's mother's hair finally grows out to its full length.
Rapunzel cut her own hair.Rapunzel grabs a fistful of her cut hair, loops it around a nearby pipe, and starts to rappel down the side of the tower.
Rapunzel walks from the tower to the forest, enjoying the fresh air and variety of smells and sounds.
Rapunzel strolled out of the forest and toward the house.
The prince makes his way from the castle to the forest, his destination in mind. He takes in his surroundings as he goes, admiring the beauty of the kingdom he calls home. As he nears the forest, he quickens his pace, eager to reach his destination.The prince walks out of the forest and up to the house.
The prince belt out a tune, serenading everyone in the area.The enchantress belted out a tune, enthralling everyone in earshot.
Rapunzel's beautiful singing voice fills the air, serenading everyone around her.
Rapunzel and the prince get married to each other.
The king stands up and begins to sing a beautiful, serene song that calms and captivates everyone who hears it.
The king walks from the castle to the forest. He travels across the grounds, passing through the gardens and court yards, until he reaches the edge of the property where the forest begins.
The king strolls from the forest to the tower, enjoying the fresh air and taking in the sights and sounds around him.
Rapunzel's father walked from the house to the forest, enjoying the fresh air and the smell of the trees. He felt peaceful and happy knowing that his daughter was safe at home.
Rapunzel's father walks through the forest to the tower. He looks up at the tower and sees his daughter looking down at him.
Rapunzel's father sang a beautiful serenade that filled the air with joy.
The king gives the ladder to Rapunzels father. The father then uses the ladder to climb up to Rapunzels tower to rescue her.
The enchantress uses kind words and flattering speech to convince Rapunzel's father to give her the girl.Her father used the ladder to scale the side of the tower and reach the window where she was imprisoned.
Rapunzel's father presents the ladder to the enchantress as a gift.