
After years of waiting, the mother's hair finally grew back out.She snipped away at her hair until it was all gone.
Rapunzel uses the cut hair to scale down the tower.
Rapunzel walks from the tower to the forest. She walks through the woods, taking in the sights and sounds of nature. She feels the soft earth beneath her feet and the sun on her skin. She breathe in the fresh, clean air and feels alive.
Rapunzel walked out of the forest and towards the house.
The prince strolled away from the castle and toward the forest.
The prince walked gracefully from the dark, mystical forest towards the enormous, picturesque house.
The prince begins to sing, his voice filling the air and drifting across to everyone nearby. He continues to sing, serenading all those around him with his beautiful voice.
The enchantress sings a beautiful, calming song that lulls everyone nearby into a sense of peace and tranquility.
 Rapunzel's beautiful singing voice fills the air, serenading everyone around her.
Rapunzel marries the prince, and they live happily ever after.
The king sings a beautiful melody, charming everyone who hears it.The king saunters from the castle to the forest.
The king strides purposefully from the forest to the tower, his mind racing with the implications of what he has just seen. Every step feels like it is taking him closer to an answer - or a trap.
Rapunzel's father walked from the house to the forest. He walked through the front door of the house and down the path to the forest. He walked through the trees and under the branches, until he reached the center of the forest.Rapunzels father strolled from the tranquil forest to the dreary tower.
Rapunzel's father serenades everyone in the area with his beautiful singing voice.
The king gives the ladder to Rapunzels father so that he can climb up to her tower and rescue her.
The enchantress convinces Rapunzel's father to let her take the girl away by telling him she will raise her as her own.
Rapunzel's father uses the ladder to ascend to the top of the tower.
Rapunzel's father delivers the ladder to the enchantress as ordered.